feat(toolkit-lib): General Availability of the AWS CDK Toolkit Library (#553)
aws/aws-cdk-cli: packages/@aws-cdk/toolkit-lib/README.md

When you implement an `IoHost` interface, you can either process these communications (for example, logging to CloudWatch or prompting users for input) or return immediately without taking action.
If your implementation doesn’t provide a response to a request, the CDK Toolkit proceeds with a default value.

#### Default `NonInteractiveIoHost`

> By default the CDK Toolkit Library will use an `IoHost` implantation that mimics the behavior of the AWS CDK Toolkit CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the CDK Toolkit Library will use a `NonInteractiveIoHost ` implementation that mimics the behavior of the AWS CDK Toolkit CLI.
```
